and today we're also going to talk and I'm going to
tell you that
the ex-husband of
Carlos Mason's new friend has spoken out again with whom he
spent 4 hours flirting, I mean, how come you
take 4 hours to eat with
someone to try to hire them for
public television while your
Autonomous Community is dying What
kind of food and don't be rude to me in the
comments box please I ask for
respect but I want everyone to
give me your opinion okay What kind of
food is that there were some tomatoes
after the meal the digestive no, that's what we
call it around here no and it seems very
normal to me that it was received today when he was
walking down the street This is how we go This is going to
be his new normal I've already
told you eh
if you didn't know me It's very important that
you subscribe if you're reaching this
tro instead of live okay I
invite you to
subscribe murderer eh they're yelling at him
on the
street like as you
know what's
going on you know what's
going on I have my doubt that not even
this man is going to be able to walk around
Spain again he'll say Valencia but of course
I would say for Spain because this case has
been such big news in the country
that it's not like this man is known
in Valencia, before Dana I
ran into this guy at the bakery, I
have no [ __ ] idea who he is okay but of
course Now yes now all of Spain knows
his face like like bad like
fatal Lili it's so you know where Where where they
cut where it
starts I don't think so people are going to
forget I don't think that Let's see wof I don't
know what to tell you do you think that
people are going to forget let's see they are going to
forget in a media way they are going to
forget in a way to give the government a hard time
But because other new things will come out
not today I was starting to make news
again a bit the issue of de rejón
okay by the way okay the rejón thing is not that it is
archived because the case hasn't
run I don't know what I don't know how much it is that
many times the word
archive is confused that a procedure is archived
that in the end it can be a
definitive archive like we don't have a case or a
provisional archive in this case because
one of the lawyers is on
sick leave or  be that as soon as the lawyer is discharged again it will be
resumed Or rather
no, it's not like Uy justice doesn't work
now with reality on the table it has
been carrado
ex-husband remind you that yesterday we uploaded a
video where this man spoke out
Who wanted to speak out again
through their
social networks three unique words that make
their position clear Well for me
yesterday's tweet the tweet that We were seeing yesterday
that you're going to remind me there through the
chat what he posted but it came to
say something like fortunately 7
years happily divorced Not for me
Clara also left her her
position no three unique words
that make Clara her position the relationship she
has with Vila Plana and the opinion
that she deserves everything that is
happening in Valencia he ignored the mobile
writes the
journalist they both ignored
the mobile Valencia flooded
since morning there
were
floods people stuck in the
trees this guy was with the bavilla
with the bavilla cleaning himself Okay and he left
the town dying Okay and he ignored the mobile he
ignored the mobile of course he had no coverage
We have already heard it not a phrase that
points out  to the absence of mason during the
lunch he had with his ex-wife
shortly before he had written a revealing
This is the one we saw yesterday okay
happily divorced for 7 years
to make it clear that his relationship with his
wife was broken and that he was
more than relieved seeing what was
happening on a public level This for me
eh For me it has a meaning okay I'm
glad Fabiola Look Fabiola is
putting a lot of applause emojis for
the video we made today on the
main channel I'm glad you liked it
Fabiola because she's had a lot of work
okay So hey it would be interesting if you
also went to the video on the
main Channel Javi Oliveira and I will support
that video that well I have given it a
title of a somewhat
controversial thumbnail I don't know how it goes I don't know how that's
going to work but there we are not
always trying in Boca to everyone that
for me here what happens is that
surely in pettit committee word of
mouth around there in the area well
he has received some comment that his
wife his his ex-wife No well he would be
flirting with this with this gentleman  not
long before the scandal had broken out that
placed Hila Plana with Mason And it's that what a what a what an
element
not as a preliminary matter I want to
especially thank the presence and
attention of the president dear
president thank you for coming So soon
and for the contact that from the beginning
with you through WhatsApp with the
vice president But he had coverage or he didn't have
coverage he had coverage or he didn't have it he
is Thanking the puppet
Pedro
Sánchez For having been in contact with
him throughout the time through
WhatsApp but if he said in the other
video that we saw before that he didn't have
coverage that before 8 o'clock he didn't speak
to anyone because he didn't have coverage
but this guy has no level go go go
with the committee where they
were also the minister of the interior
minister of defense from the first
moment with the government delegate
here this collaboration and this
coordination are fundamental they are
necessary we are going to continue with them eh
As a preliminary matter I want to thank
these collaborations are necessary we are going to
continue with
it that's incredible incredible lamentable
tell me what you think in the
comments box okay I will be reading you